what is dependency injection?
what is bean autowiring ?
which impln of application context give us control to shut down container?
code snippet ? which of d following is correct snippet for injecting values using setter and constructor?
which of d foll annotation is used for lifecyle
in spring appln context, d singleton bean are lazy or eager?
what is dispatcher servlet
what is role of context loader listener?
code snippet for view resolver in spring mvc ?
does hibernate support dependency injection?
code snippet for instation session in hibernate ?/// default location of hibernate.cfg.xml {a:classpath}
which state of object ensures  synchn with databse object ?
which of foll converts object from persient to transient ?
the jsp lifecycle method , which of the foll directives is used for import in jsp?
which of the foll is not implicit object?
predict d behaviour of code snippet ?
diff bw get paramter and get attribute method?
which of the foll is not directive in jsp?
which of the foll container services allows to lookup for resource?
 which of the foll is correct annotation for composite key in hibernate?
which of the foll is fetch strategies in hibernate ?{check box}
which strategy fires only single query to get parent and child record?
which xml attribute is resp to save update parent child graph in database{cascade}
which of the foll default mode of loading child element in hibernate?
code snippet in hib cfg file? what is role of dialect in dis code ?
{mapping entry in cfg file}
at what tym servlet init method is called?
possible ways in redirecting code frm 1 place to another
string param =get call x.----- in param ? what type of objectr shud be?
question on scope servlet n jsp ?
string cfg can be written in{select all dat apply}
which of the foll is not a stereotype of component?
which of the foll makes a method transaction aware?
which of the foll is false abt lazy loading ?
which of the foll is directive entry for making an error page in jsp?
a servlet is a child of ---------?
which of d foll is correct annotation for servlet ?
which http method ends sesssion?
read d code snippet , identify it as native sql or hql query?
which of d foll is correct annotation for request mapping spring mvc?
what autowire annotation does ?
which of the foll is mandatory annotation for making hibernate entity?
 which of the foll is correct syntax for importing external javascript?
code snippet without closing field tag?
var and  function in javascript are 
which of the foll makes the cursor implictly
which of the foll parameter type acts as an constant
query with nested group func ? is it a valid sql query ?
which of the foll statement helps in invoking db stored procedure in jdbc
there is join query code snippet to identify the type of join /
code snippet on cursor {try to print row count b4 fetch and after fetch }
which of the foll is synchronised collection?
what can be done for sorting custom objects in tree set ?




